@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.8 2019/03/23 07:28:45 rsadowski Exp $
@bin bin/nomacs
@lib lib/libnomacsCore.so.${LIBnomacsCore_VERSION}
@man man/man1/nomacs.1
share/applications/nomacs.desktop
share/metainfo/
share/metainfo/nomacs.appdata.xml
share/nomacs/
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/themes/
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/themes/Dark-Theme.css
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/themes/Light-Theme.css
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_als.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_ar.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_bg.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_br_pt.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_bs.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_cs.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_de.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_es.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_fi.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_fr.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_hr.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_hu.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_id.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_it.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_ja.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_ko.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_nl.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_pl.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_pt.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_ru.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_sk.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_sr.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_sv.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_tr.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_tw_zh.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_uk.qm
share/nomacs/Image Lounge/translations/nomacs_zh.qm
share/pixmaps/
share/pixmaps/nomacs.svg
@tag update-desktop-database
