@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.26 2018/11/26 22:14:06 sthen Exp $
@newgroup _rspamd:756
@newuser _rspamd:756:_rspamd:daemon:Rspamd Account:/nonexistent:/sbin/nologin
!%%no_luajit%%
@rcscript ${RCDIR}/rspamd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/
@bin bin/rspamadm
@bin bin/rspamc
@bin bin/rspamd
bin/rspamd_stats
lib/rspamd/
lib/rspamd/librspamd-actrie.so
@man man/man1/rspamadm.1
@man man/man1/rspamc.1
@man man/man8/rspamd.8
share/examples/rspamd/
share/examples/rspamd/2tld.inc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/2tld.inc
share/examples/rspamd/actions.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/actions.conf
share/examples/rspamd/cgp.inc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/cgp.inc
share/examples/rspamd/common.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/common.conf
share/examples/rspamd/composites.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/composites.conf
share/examples/rspamd/dmarc_whitelist.inc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/dmarc_whitelist.inc
share/examples/rspamd/groups.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/groups.conf
share/examples/rspamd/logging.inc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/logging.inc
share/examples/rspamd/maillist.inc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/maillist.inc
share/examples/rspamd/metrics.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/metrics.conf
share/examples/rspamd/mid.inc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/mid.inc
share/examples/rspamd/mime_types.inc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/mime_types.inc
share/examples/rspamd/modules.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/antivirus.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/antivirus.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/arc.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/arc.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/asn.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/asn.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/chartable.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/chartable.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/clickhouse.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/clickhouse.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/dcc.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/dcc.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/dkim.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/dkim.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/dkim_signing.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/dkim_signing.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/dmarc.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/dmarc.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/elastic.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/elastic.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/emails.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/emails.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/force_actions.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/force_actions.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/forged_recipients.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/forged_recipients.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/fuzzy_check.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/fuzzy_check.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/greylist.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/greylist.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/hfilter.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/hfilter.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/history_redis.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/history_redis.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/ip_score.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/ip_score.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/maillist.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/maillist.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/metadata_exporter.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/metadata_exporter.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/metric_exporter.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/metric_exporter.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/mid.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/mid.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/milter_headers.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/milter_headers.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/mime_types.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/mime_types.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/multimap.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/multimap.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/mx_check.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/mx_check.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/neural.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/neural.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/once_received.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/once_received.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/phishing.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/phishing.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/ratelimit.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/ratelimit.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/rbl.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/rbl.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/redis.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/redis.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/regexp.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/regexp.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/replies.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/replies.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/reputation.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/reputation.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/rspamd_update.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/rspamd_update.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/spamassassin.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/spamassassin.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/spamtrap.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/spamtrap.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/spf.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/spf.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/surbl.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/surbl.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/trie.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/trie.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/url_redirector.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/url_redirector.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/url_reputation.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/url_reputation.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/url_tags.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/url_tags.conf
share/examples/rspamd/modules.d/whitelist.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/modules.d/whitelist.conf
share/examples/rspamd/options.inc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/options.inc
share/examples/rspamd/redirectors.inc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/redirectors.inc
share/examples/rspamd/rspamd.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/rspamd.conf
share/examples/rspamd/scores.d/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/scores.d/
share/examples/rspamd/scores.d/fuzzy_group.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/scores.d/fuzzy_group.conf
share/examples/rspamd/scores.d/headers_group.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/scores.d/headers_group.conf
share/examples/rspamd/scores.d/hfilter_group.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/scores.d/hfilter_group.conf
share/examples/rspamd/scores.d/mime_types_group.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/scores.d/mime_types_group.conf
share/examples/rspamd/scores.d/mua_group.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/scores.d/mua_group.conf
share/examples/rspamd/scores.d/phishing_group.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/scores.d/phishing_group.conf
share/examples/rspamd/scores.d/policies_group.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/scores.d/policies_group.conf
share/examples/rspamd/scores.d/rbl_group.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/scores.d/rbl_group.conf
share/examples/rspamd/scores.d/statistics_group.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/scores.d/statistics_group.conf
share/examples/rspamd/scores.d/subject_group.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/scores.d/subject_group.conf
share/examples/rspamd/scores.d/surbl_group.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/scores.d/surbl_group.conf
share/examples/rspamd/scores.d/whitelist_group.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/scores.d/whitelist_group.conf
share/examples/rspamd/settings.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/settings.conf
share/examples/rspamd/spf_dkim_whitelist.inc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/spf_dkim_whitelist.inc
share/examples/rspamd/statistic.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/statistic.conf
share/examples/rspamd/surbl-whitelist.inc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/surbl-whitelist.inc
share/examples/rspamd/worker-controller.inc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/worker-controller.inc
share/examples/rspamd/worker-fuzzy.inc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/worker-fuzzy.inc
share/examples/rspamd/worker-normal.inc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/worker-normal.inc
share/examples/rspamd/worker-proxy.inc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rspamd/worker-proxy.inc
share/rspamd/
share/rspamd/effective_tld_names.dat
share/rspamd/elastic/
share/rspamd/elastic/kibana.json
share/rspamd/elastic/rspamd_template.json
share/rspamd/languages/
share/rspamd/languages/af.json
share/rspamd/languages/an.json
share/rspamd/languages/ar.json
share/rspamd/languages/bg.json
share/rspamd/languages/bn.json
share/rspamd/languages/br.json
share/rspamd/languages/cs.json
share/rspamd/languages/cy.json
share/rspamd/languages/da.json
share/rspamd/languages/de.json
share/rspamd/languages/en.json
share/rspamd/languages/es.json
share/rspamd/languages/et.json
share/rspamd/languages/eu.json
share/rspamd/languages/fa.json
share/rspamd/languages/fi.json
share/rspamd/languages/fr.json
share/rspamd/languages/ga.json
share/rspamd/languages/hi.json
share/rspamd/languages/hr.json
share/rspamd/languages/hu.json
share/rspamd/languages/id.json
share/rspamd/languages/is.json
share/rspamd/languages/it.json
share/rspamd/languages/lt.json
share/rspamd/languages/lv.json
share/rspamd/languages/mr.json
share/rspamd/languages/ms.json
share/rspamd/languages/ne.json
share/rspamd/languages/nl.json
share/rspamd/languages/no.json
share/rspamd/languages/pa.json
share/rspamd/languages/pl.json
share/rspamd/languages/pt.json
share/rspamd/languages/ro.json
share/rspamd/languages/ru.json
share/rspamd/languages/sl.json
share/rspamd/languages/so.json
share/rspamd/languages/sq.json
share/rspamd/languages/sr.json
share/rspamd/languages/stop_words
share/rspamd/languages/sv.json
share/rspamd/languages/sw.json
share/rspamd/languages/tr.json
share/rspamd/languages/uk.json
share/rspamd/languages/ur.json
share/rspamd/languages/vi.json
share/rspamd/lib/
share/rspamd/lib/ansicolors.lua
share/rspamd/lib/argparse.lua
share/rspamd/lib/fun.lua
share/rspamd/lib/global_functions.lua
share/rspamd/lib/lua_auth_results.lua
share/rspamd/lib/lua_cfg_transform.lua
share/rspamd/lib/lua_clickhouse.lua
share/rspamd/lib/lua_dkim_tools.lua
share/rspamd/lib/lua_fuzzy.lua
share/rspamd/lib/lua_maps.lua
share/rspamd/lib/lua_meta.lua
share/rspamd/lib/lua_nn.lua
share/rspamd/lib/lua_redis.lua
share/rspamd/lib/lua_selectors.lua
share/rspamd/lib/lua_squeeze_rules.lua
share/rspamd/lib/lua_stat.lua
share/rspamd/lib/lua_tcp_sync.lua
share/rspamd/lib/lua_util.lua
share/rspamd/lib/plugins_stats.lua
share/rspamd/lib/rescore_utility.lua
share/rspamd/lib/rspamadm/
share/rspamd/lib/rspamadm/confighelp.lua
share/rspamd/lib/rspamadm/configwizard.lua
share/rspamd/lib/rspamadm/cookie.lua
share/rspamd/lib/rspamadm/corpus_test.lua
share/rspamd/lib/rspamadm/fuzzy_convert.lua
share/rspamd/lib/rspamadm/fuzzy_stat.lua
share/rspamd/lib/rspamadm/grep.lua
share/rspamd/lib/rspamadm/keypair.lua
share/rspamd/lib/rspamadm/mime.lua
share/rspamd/lib/rspamadm/rescore.lua
share/rspamd/lib/rspamadm/stat_convert.lua
share/rspamd/lib/tableshape.lua
share/rspamd/lua/
share/rspamd/lua/antivirus.lua
share/rspamd/lua/arc.lua
share/rspamd/lua/asn.lua
share/rspamd/lua/bayes_expiry.lua
share/rspamd/lua/clickhouse.lua
share/rspamd/lua/clustering.lua
share/rspamd/lua/dcc.lua
share/rspamd/lua/dkim_signing.lua
share/rspamd/lua/dmarc.lua
share/rspamd/lua/dynamic_conf.lua
share/rspamd/lua/elastic.lua
share/rspamd/lua/emails.lua
share/rspamd/lua/force_actions.lua
share/rspamd/lua/forged_recipients.lua
share/rspamd/lua/fuzzy_collect.lua
share/rspamd/lua/greylist.lua
share/rspamd/lua/hfilter.lua
share/rspamd/lua/history_redis.lua
share/rspamd/lua/ip_score.lua
share/rspamd/lua/maillist.lua
share/rspamd/lua/maps_stats.lua
share/rspamd/lua/metadata_exporter.lua
share/rspamd/lua/metric_exporter.lua
share/rspamd/lua/mid.lua
share/rspamd/lua/milter_headers.lua
share/rspamd/lua/mime_types.lua
share/rspamd/lua/multimap.lua
share/rspamd/lua/mx_check.lua
share/rspamd/lua/neural.lua
share/rspamd/lua/once_received.lua
share/rspamd/lua/phishing.lua
share/rspamd/lua/ratelimit.lua
share/rspamd/lua/rbl.lua
share/rspamd/lua/replies.lua
share/rspamd/lua/reputation.lua
share/rspamd/lua/rspamd_update.lua
share/rspamd/lua/settings.lua
share/rspamd/lua/spamassassin.lua
share/rspamd/lua/spamtrap.lua
share/rspamd/lua/trie.lua
share/rspamd/lua/url_redirector.lua
share/rspamd/lua/url_reputation.lua
share/rspamd/lua/url_tags.lua
share/rspamd/lua/whitelist.lua
share/rspamd/rules/
share/rspamd/rules/forwarding.lua
share/rspamd/rules/headers_checks.lua
share/rspamd/rules/html.lua
share/rspamd/rules/http_headers.lua
share/rspamd/rules/mid.lua
share/rspamd/rules/misc.lua
share/rspamd/rules/regexp/
share/rspamd/rules/regexp/compromised_hosts.lua
share/rspamd/rules/regexp/headers.lua
share/rspamd/rules/regexp/misc.lua
share/rspamd/rules/regexp/upstream_spam_filters.lua
share/rspamd/rules/rspamd.classifiers.lua
share/rspamd/rules/rspamd.lua
share/rspamd/rules/subject_checks.lua
share/rspamd/www/
share/rspamd/www/README.md
share/rspamd/www/css/
share/rspamd/www/css/bootstrap.min.css
share/rspamd/www/css/d3evolution.css
share/rspamd/www/css/footable.bootstrap.min.css
share/rspamd/www/css/nprogress.css
share/rspamd/www/css/rspamd.css
share/rspamd/www/favicon.ico
share/rspamd/www/fonts/
share/rspamd/www/fonts/glyphicons-halflings-regular.ttf
share/rspamd/www/fonts/glyphicons-halflings-regular.woff
share/rspamd/www/fonts/glyphicons-halflings-regular.woff2
share/rspamd/www/img/
share/rspamd/www/img/asc.png
share/rspamd/www/img/desc.png
share/rspamd/www/img/rspamd_logo_navbar.png
share/rspamd/www/index.html
share/rspamd/www/js/
share/rspamd/www/js/app/
share/rspamd/www/js/app/config.js
share/rspamd/www/js/app/graph.js
share/rspamd/www/js/app/history.js
share/rspamd/www/js/app/rspamd.js
share/rspamd/www/js/app/stats.js
share/rspamd/www/js/app/symbols.js
share/rspamd/www/js/app/upload.js
share/rspamd/www/js/lib/
share/rspamd/www/js/lib/bootstrap.min.js
share/rspamd/www/js/lib/d3.min.js
share/rspamd/www/js/lib/d3evolution.min.js
share/rspamd/www/js/lib/d3pie.min.js
share/rspamd/www/js/lib/domReady.js
share/rspamd/www/js/lib/footable.min.js
share/rspamd/www/js/lib/humanize.min.js
share/rspamd/www/js/lib/jquery-3.3.1.min.js
share/rspamd/www/js/lib/nprogress.min.js
share/rspamd/www/js/lib/require.min.js
share/rspamd/www/js/lib/visibility.min.js
share/rspamd/www/js/main.js
share/rspamd/www/plugins.txt
share/rspamd/www/react-index.html
@sample ${LOCALSTATEDIR}/log/rspamd/
@owner _rspamd
@group _rspamd
@sample ${LOCALSTATEDIR}/rspamd/
