@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.7 2014/01/19 10:40:00 ajacoutot Exp $
@bin bin/wwwoffle
bin/wwwoffle-ls
bin/wwwoffle-mv
bin/wwwoffle-read
bin/wwwoffle-rm
@bin bin/wwwoffle-tools
bin/wwwoffle-write
@man man/man1/wwwoffle.1
@man man/man5/wwwoffle.conf.5
@man man/man8/wwwoffled.8
@bin sbin/wwwoffled
share/doc/wwwoffle/
share/doc/wwwoffle/CHANGES.CONF
share/doc/wwwoffle/CONVERT
share/doc/wwwoffle/COPYING
share/doc/wwwoffle/FAQ
share/doc/wwwoffle/INSTALL
share/doc/wwwoffle/NEWS
share/doc/wwwoffle/README
share/doc/wwwoffle/README.1st
share/doc/wwwoffle/README.CONF
share/doc/wwwoffle/README.PWD
share/doc/wwwoffle/README.htdig
share/doc/wwwoffle/README.lang
share/doc/wwwoffle/README.win32
share/doc/wwwoffle/UPGRADE
@owner daemon
share/wwwoffle/
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/
share/wwwoffle/html/
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/
share/wwwoffle/html/FAQ.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/FAQ.html
share/wwwoffle/html/Welcome.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/Welcome.html
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button1.gif
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button1.gif
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button10.gif
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button10.gif
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button2.gif
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button2.gif
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button3.gif
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button3.gif
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button4.gif
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button4.gif
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button5.gif
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button5.gif
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button6.gif
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button6.gif
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button7.gif
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button7.gif
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button8.gif
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button8.gif
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button9.gif
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/button9.gif
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/buttonl.gif
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/buttonl.gif
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/buttonr.gif
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/buttonr.gif
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/conf/
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/conf/
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/conf/htdig-full.conf
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/conf/htdig-full.conf
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/conf/htdig-incr.conf
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/conf/htdig-incr.conf
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/conf/htdig-lasttime.conf
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/conf/htdig-lasttime.conf
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/conf/htfuzzy.conf
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/conf/htfuzzy.conf
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/conf/htmerge.conf
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/conf/htmerge.conf
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/conf/htsearch.conf
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/conf/htsearch.conf
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/db/
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/db/
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/db-lasttime/
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/db-lasttime/
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/htdig.gif
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/htdig.gif
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/index.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/index.html
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/scripts/
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/scripts/
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/scripts/wwwoffle-htdig-full
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/scripts/wwwoffle-htdig-full
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/scripts/wwwoffle-htdig-incr
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/scripts/wwwoffle-htdig-incr
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/scripts/wwwoffle-htdig-lasttime
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/scripts/wwwoffle-htdig-lasttime
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/scripts/wwwoffle-htfuzzy
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/scripts/wwwoffle-htfuzzy
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/scripts/wwwoffle-htsearch
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/scripts/wwwoffle-htsearch
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/search.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/search.html
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/star.gif
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/star.gif
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/star_blank.gif
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/star_blank.gif
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/start-lt2.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/start-lt2.html
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/start-lt3.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/start-lt3.html
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/start-lt4.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/start-lt4.html
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/start1.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/start1.html
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/start2.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/start2.html
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/start3.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/start3.html
share/wwwoffle/html/htdig/start4.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/htdig/start4.html
share/wwwoffle/html/index.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/index.html
share/wwwoffle/html/local/
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/local/
share/wwwoffle/html/local/images/
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/local/images/
share/wwwoffle/html/local/images/trans-1x1.gif
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/local/images/trans-1x1.gif
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/AddCacheInfo.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/AddCacheInfo.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/CantRefreshPosted.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/CantRefreshPosted.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/ConfigEditPage-Body.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/ConfigEditPage-Body.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/ConfigEditPage-Head.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/ConfigEditPage-Head.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/ConfigEditPage-Tail.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/ConfigEditPage-Tail.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/ConfigError.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/ConfigError.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/ConfigUpdate.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/ConfigUpdate.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/ConfirmRequest.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/ConfirmRequest.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/ControlAuthFail.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/ControlAuthFail.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/ControlDelete-Body.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/ControlDelete-Body.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/ControlDelete-Head.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/ControlDelete-Head.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/ControlDelete-Tail.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/ControlDelete-Tail.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/ControlIllegal.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/ControlIllegal.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/ControlPage.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/ControlPage.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/ControlWWWOFFLE-Head.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/ControlWWWOFFLE-Head.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/ControlWWWOFFLE-Tail.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/ControlWWWOFFLE-Tail.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/FTPDir-Head.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/FTPDir-Head.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/FTPDir-Tail.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/FTPDir-Tail.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/FTPDirRedirect.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/FTPDirRedirect.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/FTPPut.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/FTPPut.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/FileLocked.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/FileLocked.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/HostNotGot.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/HostNotGot.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IllegalProtocol.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IllegalProtocol.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/Index-Head.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/Index-Head.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/Index-Tail.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/Index-Tail.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexError-Body.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexError-Body.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexHost-Body.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexHost-Body.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexHost-Head.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexHost-Head.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexHost-Tail.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexHost-Tail.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexIllegal.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexIllegal.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexLastTime-Body.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexLastTime-Body.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexLastTime-Head.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexLastTime-Head.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexLastTime-Tail.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexLastTime-Tail.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexLatest-Body.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexLatest-Body.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexLatest-Head.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexLatest-Head.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexLatest-Tail.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexLatest-Tail.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexMonitor-Body.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexMonitor-Body.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexMonitor-Head.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexMonitor-Head.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexMonitor-Tail.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexMonitor-Tail.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexOutgoing-Body.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexOutgoing-Body.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexOutgoing-Head.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexOutgoing-Head.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexOutgoing-Tail.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexOutgoing-Tail.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexProtocol-Body.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexProtocol-Body.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexProtocol-Head.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexProtocol-Head.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexProtocol-Tail.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexProtocol-Tail.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexRedirect.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexRedirect.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexRoot-Body.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexRoot-Body.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexSeparator-Body.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexSeparator-Body.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexURLRedirect.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/IndexURLRedirect.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/LocalDirRedirect.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/LocalDirRedirect.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/MethodUnsupported.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/MethodUnsupported.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/MonitorFormError.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/MonitorFormError.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/MonitorIllegal.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/MonitorIllegal.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/MonitorPage.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/MonitorPage.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/MonitorWillGet.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/MonitorWillGet.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/PageNotFound.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/PageNotFound.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/ProxyAuthFail.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/ProxyAuthFail.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/README
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/README
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/RefreshFormError.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/RefreshFormError.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/RefreshIllegal.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/RefreshIllegal.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/RefreshPage.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/RefreshPage.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/RefreshRedirect.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/RefreshRedirect.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/RefreshWillGet.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/RefreshWillGet.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/RefusedRequest.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/RefusedRequest.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/RemoteHostError.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/RemoteHostError.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/ServerError.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/ServerError.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/UserNeedsPass.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/UserNeedsPass.html
share/wwwoffle/html/messages/WillGet.html
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/messages/WillGet.html
share/wwwoffle/html/robots.txt
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/robots.txt
share/wwwoffle/html/wwwoffle.pac
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/html/wwwoffle.pac
share/wwwoffle/http/
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/http/
share/wwwoffle/lasttime/
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/lasttime/
share/wwwoffle/monitor/
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/monitor/
share/wwwoffle/outgoing/
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/outgoing/
share/wwwoffle/outgoing/Owwwoffle-browser
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/outgoing/Owwwoffle-browser
share/wwwoffle/outgoing/Owwwoffle-user
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/outgoing/Owwwoffle-user
share/wwwoffle/outgoing/Uwwwoffle-browser
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/outgoing/Uwwwoffle-browser
share/wwwoffle/outgoing/Uwwwoffle-user
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/outgoing/Uwwwoffle-user
share/wwwoffle/prevtime1/
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/prevtime1/
@mode 0640
share/wwwoffle/wwwoffle.conf
@sample /var/spool/wwwoffle/wwwoffle.conf
@mode
@owner
@extraunexec rm -rf /var/spool/wwwoffle
